Let's also recognize I've said it before,
I'm gonna say it again,
giving feedback isn't easy.
It's not something that we
practice on a daily basis.
I feel as a manager, I'm getting more and
more, that's just regular thing for me.
But I recognize that I still
need to be better at it.
I wanna get better at something that
I'm always trying to do better at.
But also the people on my team aren't
gonna have as much practice as
I may have on that.
I have the easy way is just not do it,
right?
Give me feedback it's easy to like man
like that person's not doing so good, or
yeah I wouldn't take that approach,
it's hard to have those conversations,
you have to set aside time to have
the conversation with someone.
You have to maybe get
pretty uncomfortable,
especially as a leader where you're
like you're not meeting expectations,
or we need to really adjust and
then those are not fun.
It's easier to just avoid,
but you shouldn't.
Let's also think about
the types of feedback.
I know we came up even on
the positive reinforcement and
positive feedback that even on the pull
requests that came up earlier,
it's like It's good to
give positive feedback.
It's helpful to know that
you're doing the right thing.
Sometimes I've heard the saying,
like, no news is good news, right?
So not getting feedback
means you're doing okay.
That doesn't really resonate with
me I wanna know what's going well.
And where I stand with my manager or my
team stands with my leadership or partners
it's good to get positive reinforcement so
just wanna call that one out but
general growth feedback too I like to
separate not meeting expectations,
feedback to grow feedback and
I'll even talk about that with my team.
When you hear me say, I think you
could have done better at this or
that those are growth areas.
I'm not looking at it as in what, I'd
like you to try to get better at it, but
I'm not like you aren't meeting
expectations type feedback and
that's more what I would
call the critical feedback.
And that one's the hardest.
There's so many reasons that can go wrong,
but it is important for your team to
know the difference between general
growth feedback and critical feedback.
Critical feedback is something drastically
needs to change or it's not working out.
So, another thing is, yep.
>> Do you have experience or have seen
peers giving feedback on prompted
within your team, or do you feel
like it goes kind of to you and
then down through other team members and
like since you're their manager.
>> So I'll reframe it a bit
is like does the feedback
come to me like mark on my team
is frustrated with Sally and
I hear the feedback and
then I deliver it to Sally?
>> Yeah.
>> That's a good question, yes,
it will often come to me in that form.
My first reaction is, hey Mark,
did you give Sally that feedback?
A lot of times is, no, I haven't.
I'm like,
I think you should give that feedback.
The reason why I do that too.
Is it's helping build that muscle first
for Mark to be able to give that feedback.
But, also,
it feels escalated now if I go to Sally.
It could also erode some trust
between the team members, right?
They're like, man,
now Ryan's coming at me on this.
It's cool that I know about that.
I might bring it up with Sally, I know
Mark had feedback for you, how did that
go, did that land, did it resonate
with you, how do you feel about it.
Like there might still be, it's not
hidden that I know, I don't try and,
be secretive about it, but
I'm absolutely gonna push the person
to give them that feedback first.
It's also an opportunity for
me to maybe help coach on like, well,
here's maybe how I would
approach giving that feedback and
make Mark feel more
comfortable to do that.
And oftentimes, what I like about it too,
is those peers giving each other feedback.
I know when I've given feedback,
even when it's a tough conversation,
it ends up building more trust.
If it's done well, I mean,
it can erode trust to but oftentimes,
you're building that
trust with one another.
So that does happen but
that's how I typically approach it.
If it's really getting bad and
like I need it needs to be escalated yeah,
then I might have to go speak
with that other person.
But that's usually my first approach.
So I have a question to you
to think about is like,
should you give feedback
in a group setting?
Personally no on like any
of the critical side, no,
I'm not going to do that
in front of others.
Even some of the growth feedback,
I'm probably not going to
give that in a group setting.
But the positive reinforcement,
absolutely, that's a good one.
Sometimes people don't
feel comfortable though.
So it is good to know to understand
how people on your team like to
receive feedback.
If you overpraise someone
they may not like that.
And so it is something to be aware of.
But right away,
I'm not gonna give people constructive
feedback in front of the team.
And another thing is since
we're in such a remote world,
what about giving feedback in Slack?
For me same thing applies
giving maybe some growth
feedback through a direct message.
I'm comfortable enough to do that but
also recognize that if there's a lot of
back and forth going I might say hey
let's actually have a conversation.
Positive feedback, team channels, great,
surface that like that might be a good
one or I'm honestly a lot of times
sending direct messages to my team
where they've presented on something.
I wanna give them in the moment feedback
and I'll just send them a nice message,
saying like, wow, this really great, I
love to see more of that, keep doing that,
I see how this has showing up, and
then being impactful for the team.
But there again,
the constructive where, hey,
you're not meeting expectation thing,
it doesn't end working well in Slack,
the tone, everything, it's really
hard to get that message across